# Tri-Chile Automated Report Generation

## Auto Report Description

This folder contains the Automatic Report software which utilize LaTeX for typesetting documents. The goal of this project is to streamline the daily report creation process for R.O.V. pilots.

## Usage

Below are the instructions for using the Auto-Report.

### Auto-Report

Proper data organization is crucial for running the Auto-report software. Ensure your data folder adheres to the following structure:

```plaintext
input_data_folder
├── easylabel.zip
│   ├── images
│   │   ├── image_1.png
│   │   ├── ...
│   │   ├── image_n.png
│   └── images.json
└── settings.json
```

- `easylabel.zip`: EasyLabel output with all labeled images (could have any name). This file must have:
    - `images`: Store all pre-processed images from EasyLabel.
    - `images.json`: Generated by EasyLabel with image labels.
- `settings.json`: Tri-Chile specific data for report generation.

For being more precise. The image folder and the images.json are provided from EasyLabel software as an ouput.

This folder of the Github repo is designed to be contained in a docker container. In thi sense, to opeate the software you must instroduce the following command in your shell:

```bash	
BASE_PARTH/auto_report.sh $CONTAINER_NAME $DATA_INPUT_DIR/. $DATA_OUTPUT_DIR $PDF_CONFIG 
```

The $PDF_CONFIG argument represent the types of Report PDF's, this arg could be

- `a`: all: Get the entire report
- `s`: separated: Get the report splitted by their sections
- `b`: bitacora: Get the bitacora section
- `l`: lobera: Get the lobera section 
- `p`: pecera: Get the pecera section 
- `t`: tensores: Get the tensores section

<!-- ./auto_report.sh auto_report "/mnt/c/Users/jacmo/OneDrive - uc.cl/Escritorio/Tri-Chile/automatic_report/auto_report/test/." "/mnt/c/Users/jacmo/OneDrive - uc.cl/Escritorio/Tri-Chile/automatic_report/auto_report/output/" "a" -->